For me today is about a side job
because work so beautiful there are like
I connect life outside of the
Studies in university life
because it's a thing you do
underestimated so I can have
underestimated and completely honest
admit but come for the first time now
one succeeds one studies one one one studies
word applies is just so you have to rent
you have to pay what you have to eat something
you have to live more or more
less so also cinema costs money and
also with friends ingo costs
money cucumbers scheller cost money so it
moving in itself is like that was one
awesome thing cause you first
making purchases easy at home
because there are mum's kitchen equipped
is and your own is not
if you move but pots and
cups and plates and cucumbers
So put Schiller in these cucumbers
me very gnawed when I moved
that was not such an investment
absolutely did not want to see but the
somehow it was necessary because vegetable itself
Do not stop so well he can do such a thing
is a bit awkward and had it
I did not expect that at the beginning
everything is so crazy money costs
i had in munich last year
worked and of course have aside
laid as I knew I was pulling
now out and have a move and have
because they cost me too
that will be so nonsense
Purchases will happen again
That's what makes me look a bit like that
the track thrown or even that one
Vacuum cleaner to be purchased first
needs and not simply there has
Now, let's do it
forgot it
and that was why it was super fast for me
Of course I need it very fast now
back in the job because of me though
get my older support
but like I said a bit
would be self-sufficient and
no student would get and stays there
only the possibility to go to work
or hope that somewhere a
scholarship gets what is the last
probably not like that now
probably stayed with me because of that
just work but there keep the job
searched
Of course that's relative in theory
easy in practice has yet to be
harder turned out than me
Just thought because the timetable as
student but it is so part-time jobs
not always suitable i had many
jobs instantly on advertised
they would have said yes
pass by trial
Interview We look at that
which then failed because of that
I never spend very long time at a time
i have a lecture in the
Lecture in the afternoon clear between
This time is where I have time
but layers, for example, the bakery
begin in the early and go up to
noon or early afternoon it went
in the evening and that's just not for me
works and then I had to first
what find something in such small
between times or in the short
if only in the afternoon
have a lecture and then afterwards
work can go or in the morning
and then thank god also what
found and am also very happy and
Can do something like this but me
of course had to die all this time
i am working in my schedule
install somehow because study is mine
main focus here not the first
Nebenjob and I want to, of course
what to do for my studies and at the best
Eventually write good exams
and have a good degree
that is, the lectures are indeed the
main ingredient but the whole thing needs
somehow before and after
I will have to read text so even
none is a very intense reading
studying like me
have asked and I have manipulated
the last two weeks that I mean
lectures after I get ready
but what I have in front of these with and
the slides the professor the
Professor uploads in one
summary practically together
so I led a few sheets of paper
I can not file and for the
Examination learning at the end of the semester
can advise
And of course that's what it takes
takes all the time
with me it is at the moment so with me must
I have read and work
do I actually need the time the
Lecture took a while back
turn to the whole beautiful paper
bring
and it was crazy for me
important to have a good schedule
and to know exactly when I'm doing something
and my appointments are like laid
and i have to send the calendar
has all my appointments in vienna and he is
pretty much follows but I can only
everyone recommends his appointments
write down otherwise you'll somehow
messed up if you are a bit
forgetful and like meals
confuses and then it can
but so also work super well
I have nowhere in any way
feeling that I'm overwhelmed because of me
By the way, I work a bit
I do not work much in any way
have a small side job to 450 euro
base and that's good that is
By the way, more easily manageable and
installers away and a lot on the way
but it is in no way so that
I feel like I can
study can not do justice and can
do not live up to my free time
or can not help my girlfriend
and of course that's probably for
someone who thinks about it now
I work this beside studying
quite good to hear yes you can next to the
study work yes you have to
little planning and a bit
bring organizations and of course
also lucky enough to find a job
the 1
possible but then it is super feasible
and there are, for example , the
leipzig the student job exchange from
Student work where employers hire
then I know that they
turn on your ad to students and
the students do not always meet five days
week was also like that
between times you have and so you can
For in any case be appropriate for
and then regardless of bafög or
to collect some money from scholarships
to make your life beautiful
without doing the study somehow from the
to lose sight and I hope so
could help you until next time